we're going to go over to Dave
and check his official demon
steam it be
you having fun yeah yeah huh
yes around just drive bys right
we can mark that many big the
meat is pink beautiful here
we're gonna make a lot of money
here you know they came through
and drove the downrod Bob you're
going to get another one
nobody needs to know about this
but us
nobody really knows you find a
spot you're catching fish
you gonna be careful in who you
call because they'll tell two
friends and nail to front and
then it'll be over
Jason like he's calling me
asking hey you seen anything
do not tell TJ he knows way too
many people who is he to tell me
not to tell TJ go fish don't
talk to me go get on
I'm caught in a bad spot I tell
TJ but mr. Cruz going to be
pissed at me if I don't tell TJ
who I just said I'm going to
work with him
TJ is going to be pissed at me
so regardless so what I do
somebody is going to be met good
luck Dave and I are in a good
spot looks really good this fish
here but we're going to try to
keep it as quiet as we can
I think they will keep a quiet
well
say
yeah this does not look good
here today bro
I haven't seen her like a sign
of anything it's week three and
we've only managed one fish so
far we've struck out last week
and we're really desperate to
put some meat on the deck
we're gonna have to find better
fish and we have to turn things
around
hey Jake and I hear you what's
the scope anymore around you and
over here we just got one fall
is about the three quarters of a
mile to a mile away he said in
135 we had x 2 192 like is a
bleeding listening to this
they won't just go find a spot
and fish us to call anybody and
find out what's going on before
the spot in the fishing is slow
and they get some info
I'm definitely explore all right
we'll see with Roger that really
not a follow-up
I don't have any better options
right now I just got to go with
it
put the throttle the corner and
hope for the best right now
Dave's tell us that he's on the
meat
I have no reason to believe him
there's really no time right now
for me to date with TJ about
this move
I just really hope it pays off
think about 15 knots we should
be there in about 35 minutes
we get a fish
you can stay focused